[14.0][FIX] event_registration_partner_unique: improve README (#280)
OCA/event: event_registration_partner_unique/readme/USAGE.rst

#. Go to **Events** and choose an event or create a new one.
#. Enable **Forbid Duplicates**.
#. Go to **Attendees**.
#. Create a new attendee.

> #. If you try to register an attendee more than once for the same event, the

Reviewer: No indication here about which field should be filled?

> #. If you try to register an attendee more than once for the same event, the
>    system won't allow it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If you try to fill successive attendees with the same contact filled in
   the "Attendee Partner" field, the system won't allow it. That can
   happen for example if the same email is used several times.
```
